This directory contains translation files for the MCU 8051 IDE.

== What is this directory good for ==

Each file is named after the locale. The locale is specified by a locale string.
The locale string consists of a language code, an optional country code, and an
optional system-specific code, each separated by `_'. The country and language
codes are specified in standards ISO-639 and ISO-3166. For example, the locale
`en' specifies English and `en_US' specifies U.S. English.

Please see file template.txt for more details. Also note that a complete
translation comprise also translation of this file: "../data/tips.xml",
documentation translation is also possible.


== Note to the Tip of the day ==

Some people wonder why the Tip of the day stops working when they start using
their translation, well, the cause of this is that the tips are stored file
named tips.xml, the file is located in the "data" directory located in that
directory where you have installed the IDE, on Linux it's usually
"/usr/share/mcu8051ide/data", on Windows it's usually
"C:\Program Files\MCU 8051 IDE\data". The problem is that the tips won't work
until they are all translated, or rewritten, however there is a simple solution,
just copy all the tips in English and change "<tip lang="en">" to
"<tip lang="my_language">". This solution apparently doesn't do anything else
than making the tips in English appear as they have been already translated, so
you get the Tip of the day working again but with English tips in it.


== The translation manipulation tool ==

You should see file named tool.tcl in this directory, it's a tool which might
help with maintenance of the translation files. Since the template.txt might get
updated every now and then, we need to keep the translation files updated as
well, the tool.tcl was written in order to make that a lot easier, here are the
instructions how to use it:
  - (This applies to Windows users only.) Make sure you can run Tcl scripts, you
    might need to install some Tcl distribution, e.g. ActiveTcl.
  - Go to this directory.
  - Run "./tool.tcl -m my_translation_file.msg".
  - Wait a moment, and it's done. :)
